August 1st - 7th: We designed and 3D-printed a battery case that protects the batteries and makes it easier to install, replace, and charge them. We had to make some adjustments because it didn’t always fit properly or the connectors were too small.
August 6th: We implemented Dupont connector pins on the build HAT we’re using, since we don’t need to use all of its ports.
August 8th: After trying to implement the build HAT, we realized the communication between the raspberry and the build Hat wasn't fast enough, so we’re now using the LEGO brick to control the motors.
August 11th: We designed cases for the light sensors to hold them at the optimal angle for detecting walls, while preventing them from mistakenly detecting the floor. We then prepared all the cables to install the sensors and begin testing.
August 12th: We designed and 3D-printed a case for the robot’s switch, installed it, and tested its functionality. We also printed the light sensor cases but have not yet finished installing them. In addition, we modified the battery case to fit the cables under the LEGO brick and reduce the robot’s weight.
Agusut 13th-17th: We had to make changes to many pieces so it's lighter and also some had to be adapted to fit the new pieces. After the changes the robot was finished and is ready to start being tested. 
August 18: While we were working on our program on the Raspberry Pi, it suddenly shut down. We checked the battery voltage and found it was too low, so we replaced it and restarted the Pi. It booted up normally, but then shut down again. We tried to figure out the cause, but couldn’t fix it and ended up losing all the progress up to that point.
August 30: We spent the day checking all the cables, the relay, the camera, and every component to identify the possible cause of the Rasp's death. We found that most components were producing voltage spikes that could have combined and damaged the Rasp. To prevent this from happening again, we decided to connect the camera and the relay directly to the regulator so that these spikes won’t affect the Rasp.
